Let's get started and start implementing audits.
Yes, in our application.
Now, before we start off, I just want to make sure that we are all on the same page.
We should have this current application already running and the links working as well.
So for example, I'm on the main movie application and I click on any of the movie title.
I'm navigated to the details page.
And if I click on the book button, I'm taken up to the booking page.
So this functionality should be working for you.
Similarly, if I just click on any of the item and click on this book button, nothing is going to work.
This is because we are going to be right now implementing this and parsing the data using our text years.
Okay.
So do not worry about that for now.
Just wanted to show what is the current state that we are in.
Okay, so let's go back and see what we are going to be implementing.
Now, if I just open up a small diagram, I just want to give you a visual implementation before we
go ahead and do the code wise implementation.
So we have this movie application, and I mentioned in the article's introduction that we will have
something called the optics tier subject and we are also going to be having the consumers who are going
to be consuming this subject and then also can be publishing the data.
So the question is, where should this object be defined?
Now, similar to our routing example.
So for example, if I just go to the routing slide, we had this react router, the main router set
up in the main movie application.
And the same thing is going to be done in the text use case as well, because our main movie application
is always going to be skiing up when our application is running, whereas all the internal applications
are going to be switched based on this out.
So we cannot be keeping the subject within any of the internal applications.
We need to be keeping it on the topmost application, which in August is the movie app.
Now we are going to be exposing this entire subject so that other consumers can be using it.
And that is going to be done using the pack.
And once the consumer, for example, this homepage has consumed this and called this subject out next
is going to be publishing that event and saving it in this subject.
And on this selection application, we are going to be having this subscribe function, which is going
to be subscribing to the same subject that we have in the movie application and retrieving all the current
data that is there in that subject.
So this is the concept that we are trying to implement.
And let's go back to our code base and see how this is going to work.
Okay.
I'm back in my code base.
Now, before we get started, if you were facing any problem with the entire setup update, now what
you can do is you can just copy this 11.2 folder and this is going to be the starting point for this
data management lecture.
I have already copied this and made a clone in the 11.3, and 11.3 is going to have this solution for
this data management, which we do is going to be implementing now.
Okay.
So I already have almost always running, as you can see over here, and we can just go ahead and do
the implementation.
So the first implementation is going to be to create that observable object.
So that is going to be created in the movie app.
So let's go ahead and open that.
Now, before I go ahead and do any of the implementation, we need to be installing that library.
Without that, nothing is going to really work.
Okay.
So I just need to switch over to my console and let's switch over to our movie application that is right
here.
And in this, I'm going to be stopping this hour and see NPM install, save and say Oryx X.
Yes, you need to be doing this as well because I have not installed the articles in the package today,
so it's not going to be ready for usage.
Okay.
So once you have done the installation, you can go ahead and start this over once again.
So we'll see an appearance of.
Okay.
So my soul starts off, my browser opens.
I do not really need the browser for now.
Okay.
Now to be creating that observable, what I'm going to be doing over here is let's go ahead and create
probably utils file.
So in the RC, I just right click and or here I'm going to be saying this as movie.
Observable will be acr vab lg gorgeous.
Okay, so this is going to be the name of my file.
You can just give it any name as you wish.
So that's not really a big problem.
And in here, we're going to be seeing import clearances from our X gas.
Okay they think that we are going to be importing is subject.
Now, I've not mentioned this earlier, but we are going to be facing a problem with this subject later
on.
And I do not really want to be telling it right now so that you learn more about it.
Yes.
So let's just proceed with the subject for now.
Okay.
So I hope that's not too demotivating, but do not worry.
Let's just go ahead and do the implementation.
It's just going to be a small change later on.
Okay.
Now we have this subject ready.
We need to be creating a new subject or let's call this as opposed.
Movie data equals two new subject.
All right.
So this object is created now.
We also going to be exporting this object.
So as export default movie data.
So that's pretty much the implementation for the observable.
So we have the observable already.
Now anyone can just use this approval and add some value in it and also subscribe to it.
Okay.
So let me just go ahead and save that.
And the next thing that we want to be doing is exposing this so that other application can start using
it.
So for that reason, I need to be going to my web back config of my movie application.
So let's open that up and let's go down to our module filtration plugin.
So let's minimize that.
We have this module protection right here.
Now you can see that we just have the remote setup.
We are not exposing anything yet from the movie application, so we need to be adding that expose parameter
as well.
So I'll say exposes.
And in this we want to be creating an object.
And let's expose this as dark slash movie data.
So I'm just going to be keeping it a little bit simple to implement instead of writing observable.
And we want to be exposing it from dart slash as RC slash movie observable.
Dart?
Yes.
Just make sure that the name is exact.
As you know, if any small mistake is there, the back is not going to really work.
Let's save that.
Let's stop our solar and let's get that thing started once again, because we have made a change in
the Webpack config.
Okay.
So let's just switch back.
So all that's required in the movie application for exposing is done.
Now we can be going ahead and start consuming it in one of the applications.
So let me just go ahead and start the implementation from our homepage application.
So if you remember, we have the homepage application within which we have this quick booking.
So when we click on that book button in the quick booking component, that's when we want to sort of
publish the data, right?
So we need it in the homepage application.
So in here I can just go to the web page config and add a new remote.
So let's check out where's our remote here.
So that's right here.
So in the remote, I can be adding a new remote here.
Let's call this as movie app.
Just like that.
And in here, we need to be using the name of the application.
So if I just come back to a movie app, it's called this right here.
So let's just copy that based right here and see added S&P Double Island slash slash local host and
the port number that the movie app is running on is 9000.
So let's have that added as well.
Flash remote and three dot gas.
Okay.
So we are adding the new remote, which is our movie application.
You can just go ahead and see of that and let me just go ahead and restart my home page application
as well.
So that's right here.
So stop the solo and get started once again.
So, Zane, parents of all right, so our homepage application starts off now let me just switch back
to my.
Yes.
Good.
So we need to be publishing from the quick booking component, right?
So let's just open up this quick booking.
Let me just quickly make this smaller.
And if you scroll to the bottom, we can see the book function that's getting called.
So that's right here, this book movie function.
So let's just find this book movie function that's on top somewhere.
So it's right here.
Okay, so we already have the data ready that we need to be publishing.
So as you can see, we are also logging that data that needs to be published.
But now we need to be adding it to that observable.
So for that, we need to be sort of importing that function which we had exported from this movie observable
and then publish data to this.
Right.
So how do you access this particular function?
So far, whenever we are doing any of the inputs, they were all react components.
So for example, this typography was a react component and then we use this react got lazy and then
we use the suspense for loading it.
Now in this case, it's not a react component anymore, it's just a function.
So how do you how do you really use it?
Well, for this, we need to be using the concept of dynamic import that we learned earlier.
So if you remember, dynamic import is for loading all the dependencies lazily.
So that's exactly what we need over here.
If you want to take up a challenge, you can just pause the video right here and try to implement the
import using dynamic import and get that function called here.
And if not, it's also fine.
We are going to be implementing it right away.
So dynamic import is implemented like this.
So we're going to be saying import and then we pass in the location.
So what is the location of this?
Well, it's going to be the name of the application.
So we here, we have given the name in the event back file as movie app.
So we need to say we had as movie app slash and then the component name.
So it's the same concept that we used over here actually.
So it's the name of the application.
And in the case of the component that has been exported, if we just check out the Webpack config of
movie app, we can see that we are exporting it as movie data.
So that's the exact name that we need to be using over there.
So it's going to be movie data.
Okay, so the import is done.
Then once you have done this import, this is going to be returning a promise, not a result of promise.
You can say dot then and this is going to be returning something like a module.
So we can just put it as module and then you can put up our function now to get hold of the default
import that has been sent by this module, we can say const and we can put away it has movie data equals
to module dot default.
Yes, this is a little bit weird syntax, but this is how we're going to be doing the dynamic import.
Okay.
Now we have the movie data ready actually.
So we have this entire object that is been exported ready.
Now, what you can do here is you can just use the next function that is that on this.
So I can say movie data dot next and in here I can be passing whatever data I need to that particular
observable.
So in our case, we need to be passing this entire movie booking object so I can just put on the booking
object.
So I'll see booking just like that.
And you're pretty much done.
You have successfully published your movie booking into the Observable.
Now we're just going to be taking a short break and see how we can be subscribing to this observable
in this sheet booking application.